I'm Jimmy DiResta, and I'm a maker.
That's a hip way of saying
I make things… like this.
Pretty cool, right?
Walk with me.
For years, I made my name
as a toy designer in New York City.
Then I realized I don't like the city,
I don't like designing toys,
and to be honest with you,
I don't really like kids.
It's not like I hate them or anything.
It's just it's,
"Check out my little Timmy."
I don't care.
Look at my birds.
So anyway, I quit my job,
I left the city,
and I moved upstate to here, my farm.
I got land, I got animals,
and best of all, I have this!
The ultimate maker workshop!
Inside, I have every kind of tool
and machine imaginable to make things.
Pretty impressive stuff, huh?
Really? You're labeling the table
like that's some sort of impress--
"Bag"? We can just--
Okay. Graphics guy trying to be funny.
Can we please get on with it? Anyway…
So I got a call to be on a TV show
'cause I'm a maker celebrity or whatever.
I said, "Sure. Cool." Why not, right?
So I agreed.
Then I found out who I'd be working for.
Jimmy!
-Hi.
-Hi!
Jimmy!
Hey, Jimmy.
What do you want?
Okay, Mr. Grouch.
Thirty years of expert build experience,
and I'm taking orders from half-pints.
Because misery loves company,
I brought my buddies in on it with me.
Say hi, guys.
-Howdy!
-Hello!
That's Jackman.
He's an engineer, and he plans everything.
It's really annoying, but he's good at it.
That's Derek, my best friend.
Big guy and even bigger softie.
This is Graz.
Good maker, bad jokes.
And Canadian Pat.
Well, your guess is as good as mine.
Let's have some fun.
Together, we'll take pitches on this.
Listen to whatever
their dumb little brains can come up with.
The Pig Tripper. It trips the pig.
-Wow.
-So a catapult that throws cat poop?
-Yes.
If it's interesting or doable,
I'll build it. If not--
Next!
-Next!
-No way.
-Shut up!
-Some builds will be good.
Dino Taco Toilet.
Are you not entertained?
Some builds will be bad.
Graz, I told you
the scissors were gonna be too heavy!
Make a bigger handle!
But all of them
will be absolutely pointless.
-Yeah!
-That is disgusting.
Whoa!
-I want the unicorn to fart!
-I can't believe I'm doing this.
-Go, Graz!
Why are we doing this?
Because we make things. That's what we do.
-Thought we weren't supposed to have fun.
-I'm not having fun!
We're gonna show these kids,
if they can dream it up…
I want it to be a guitar boat that floats.
You're onto something there.
…it can be built.
Oh!
That is so cool!
Hey, it might even
inspire them to build
outside their little Minecraft -y world,
or whatever.
-Do I wanna do it?
Dumbest thing we've ever made.
Not really.
But this isn't about me, is it?
-So here we are.
-You better get to work!
Funny how their dreams are my nightmare.
Come on, Jimmy. Have some fun.
Whatever.
All right. In a minute, there's gonna be
a couple children on-screen.
They're gonna pitch us ideas.
We're gonna decide which one
is gonna be the one that we make.
We're gonna have everything
at our disposal
to make whatever dumb idea
these kids come up with.
And, uh, here we are.
A real motivator.
-All right, come on, guys!
-Hey! What's your name?
-My name's Adrian.
And my name is Christian.
Have you guys ever invented stuff before?
Um…
-Well…
-That's a no.
-What's your name, buddy?
-Grant.
-Tell me your names.
-William.
Jasmine and James.
-Yeah.
-Where are you?
-Where are you in the world?
-In our house.
-What city?
-Not your beeswax!
-Stranger danger.
Okay, what's your idea?
There's gonna be
a bunch of goats in my garage,
and a roller coaster weaving
from my roof into my backyard.
Are you trying to get
two ideas for the price of one?
-Yes. I want goats and a rollercoaster.
-Pitch me.
-The Fart Humidifier.
-What?
-That was my nickname in high school.
The Fart Humidifier sucks up your fart,
and then puts it in a bottle
to spray at anybody.
Now, why would I want
to put a fart in a bottle and spray it?
Sweet vengeance.
This is a suit that can go to outer space,
and it's faster than light speed.
-That's easy enough.
-That's great, what else?
This is a door
that leads to outer space.
Okay!
The next idea.
You guys have an invention for me?
Now is the pitch time.
-Now.
-Be nice to them.
-They're nice kids.
-Pitch me!
My idea is a model of every superhero
spray-painted in the exact color,
and it has the same special effects
as the superheroes' powers.
That's interesting.
You ever hear of Toys "R" Us?
What now?
They've gone out of business, Jimmy.
-Now it's time for the demonstration.
Make sure it's just air, brother.
I'll give you $30,000
for 25% of your company.
-No! Stop!
-I'm out.
-I think that might be…
-Yeah.
-…the dumbest idea we've heard today.
-Okay, Boomer.
Have you ever just hated
when people gave you a Dutch Oven?
Next!
-I got more! I got more! I got more!
-Next.
-No way.
-Can you build me a time machine?
-Next!
-Oh no…
-All right. Don't call us, we'll call you.
-Okay.
I'll just go down in my basement.
-Next!
I think we take all the money
from the budget of this show
and donate it to the school system
over there. What do you think?
-He's a nice boy.
-All right.
-What's your names?
-Asher.
-Farah.
-Where do you guys live?
We live in the USA.
-All right. Who's the smarter one?
Of course, it's the girl.
Of course. I… I kind of was sensing that.
Who's the dumbest?
At least he knows his place.
You have an idea to pitch us?
It's gonna be a T. rex
that shoots out tacos.
A T. rex, as in a T. rex dinosaur?
-Yeah!
-Yes!
Jimmy, find out
where it shoots tacos from.
Tell me more.
Actually,
they're not gonna be regular tacos.
They're gonna have candy.
They're gonna be called the candy tacos.
-Candy taco.
-Interesting.
And some of the tacos
are gonna be real tacos.
He loves tacos.
Are you talking about yourself
in the third person, like Don King?
So you said a T. rex dinosaur?
Why not a Stegosaurus or "mega-sore-ass"?
T. rex because it's the biggest dinosaur,
so it can hold more and more tacos
than any other dinosaur.
It shoots tacos out of which end?
His mouth and his nose!
-His mouth and his nose.
-Phew.
Um, okay, I'm buying it.
I think you're onto something there.
-It has little, tiny arms.
-He's got little, tiny arms, like Graz.
Tiny ones. Like, this tiny.
I'm warming up to this idea.
And how big do you see it? How tall?
-Fourteen-feet tall.
-Fourteen feet.
But the doors here are only 12,
so we might have to go lower than that.
Twelve-feet tall!
That's a pretty easy client.
Chill for a minute.
Let me talk to my team.
-I think there's something here.
-I think it's good.
Dinosaur, tacos. Nice little conveyor belt
to have him spit out the mouth.
I don't think it's bad at all.
Visually, it's a huge dinosaur
that shoots out tacos.
-Who doesn't love that?
-It's good.
We can cross-pollinate all of our skills.
I think it's gonna be a good one.
Exciting! Don't be so excited.
-You might poop yourselves.
-Too late.
-All right, guys, we're gonna do it.
-Yes!
A dinosaur that shoots
candy tacos out of his mouth. We're good?
-Yeah!
-We'll let you know when it's done.
-See you later!
45 years of build experience,
we're making a dinosaur
that spits tacos out of his mouth.
At least it's not a Fart Humidifier.
Let's figure this thing out.
To get to where we're going,
we need to have a dinosaur.
So let me draw the big T. rex.
What are we building this out of?
Plywood and then covering it with foam?
Uh, the two-inch thick insulation foam
on top of the plywood?
We'll glue it down.
A combination of that expanding stuff.
The head, we put a lot of detail
in, 'cause that'll be kind of the focus.
Oh, definitely. Yeah. How big the teeth?
How are we all going to get this
all attached together?
The body's gonna be its own thing.
The head's gonna be its own thing.
Do we have one main pivot point
that goes through the neck?
I see what you're saying.
So the jaw can pivot on there as well.
-Right.
-Potentially. That's a good idea.
Are the tacos gonna drop out of
the mouth there? Or what's gonna happen?
Yeah. The jaw will open up,
and the taco's gonna go…
We're gonna put a conveyor belt.
The belt is gonna be in the body,
like a straight shot behind the hump.
Oh, and it goes all the way up
into the mouth.
Yeah, the tacos
are gonna come up here.
And how are you gonna power
the conveyor belt? Hand-crank? Motor?
I see it like this.
I'm gonna draw it just outside the body.
It's gonna come like this…
So build it totally separate,
then we put it in after.
We can put that clicky sound.
Remember I said we get that "click"?
We could put a one-way ratchet here
so that when you're clicking it,
it creates tension, that clickety sound.
I think it could work.
How are we gonna do this?
Jackman, what do you want to take?
I'll do the head. I like
the mechanics of it. That'll be fun.
-The head?
-Yeah. I'll help you.
Eric, you and me
on the body and conveyor belt?
-Sure, that'll work. Yeah.
-All right?
-Pat?
-Wanna work on the teeth?
-I think that's a yes.
-He's gonna work on the teeth.
-Sounds good.
-Let's get materials.
-Some plywood.
-Okay.
-A couple two-by-fours.
Two-by-twos.
Okay. All right.
I'll grab two of the epoxies.
This is the stuff we need.
Why is it so heavy?
Okay.
We gotta make the body.
Now, obviously,
our specialty isn't building dinosaurs,
but we do know a few things
about structural integrity.
The first thing we have to do
is cut an outline of the body
from three-quarter-inch plywood.
Then we attach the two sides
of the body together with two-by-fours.
Bring the knee forward a touch more maybe.
None of us have built a giant dinosaur,
but we can build anything.
We're pros.
I'd like to see it
get a little bit of a tail.
Now that the dino body
is pretty solid, it's time to take it 3D.
Add some foam, some shape, some dimension.
The body's coming along quick,
so hopefully Graz and Jackman
can keep up with that head.
-Where were we?
-Where am I?
-We're gonna build the boxes.
-Yeah.
To make a solid head
for a giant dinosaur,
first, we have to make a mold box
that's mostly dinosaur-head shaped.
It's already looking
like a dinosaur skull. I see it.
But with a long-brim fishing hat.
-When it's really, really sunny out.
-Yeah.
{Jackman] 'Cause we have an articulating
jaw, we need to make two boxes.
One for the top of the head
and one for the bottom.
If all goes according to plan,
we'll have a nice foam form.
We can strip these off
and then carve it down to shape.
-Oh!
-That was a wasp.
-Whoa.
-I think it just stung me.
-Are you serious?
Oh, yeah. It's… Yeah, it's…
He got you right there.
-Do you want me to suck out the poison?
-Can you?
Yo, guys!
Guys!
Yo, hey!
Jimmy!
We had our first accident.
Uh, Jackman got stung by a wasp.
-Right here.
-Did you really get stung?
-Yeah.
-I can just kiss it.
-You smell good.
-Thank you.
-Bye.
All right.
-I think this box is ready to go.
-That should be good.
We're gonna pour the foam in this.
Two-part foam.
It mixes as a liquid, turns to a solid,
and expands 11, 10 times or so.
It looks like a rising loaf of bread.
It's gonna look awesome.
So let's do some math.
We'll figure out the volume of this guy,
figure out what 1/11th of that is,
and then we'll carve it down
once it's solid in an hour or so.
Let's call this 14, and then this one 6.
-So, Graz, 8,760. Remember that number.
-8,760.
Divided by whatever 144 times 12 is.
What is 36 times 20 times… 5?
Oh, God.
Ten? Thirteen.
We're gonna do 12. So three cubic feet.
So one and a half of these kits will fill…
Is this all you guys have done?
Yeah. I'm sorry, this is
the best-looking part of the dinosaur.
-What part is it?
-The good part.
You might want
to work on it a bit more.
All right.
Go work on your dinosaur,
we gotta get to pouring.
Don't touch anything either.
-So 79--
-Dude, let's just pour.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
-We're doing this?
-Yeah. Let's do it.
-All right, go.
-Are… Are you as excited as I am?
-Yeah.
-The foam's pretty cool.
-It is very cool.
This is Canadian Pat,
known for three things,
two of which are not having sleeves.
Third being the lathe.
This is the lathe.
It's more than my friend.
It's my lover.
Aww!
Anyway, today,
I'm gonna turn some dino teeths.
And to do that, I'm gonna take that dowel,
install it in the chuck and then spin it.
It takes a long time to learn
the lathe, but Pat is a master.
He can pretty much make anything
on this machine.
Let's do this!
The lathe spins the wood
really fast.
I just take this U-shaped turning tool,
called the gouge, hold my hand steady,
and cut away little pieces of wood
until it looks like a cute dino tooth.
Hey, guys. Do we need more?
-A couple more.
-Yeah, we need a bunch more.
-Three, four?
-Fifteen?
Twenty?
Oh.
I think I felt it move.
We finished the dinosaur skeleton.
The next step is gonna put
the two-inch insulation foam on it.
We're gonna glue it between
all the seams and glue it to the plywood.
That'll give it some real gravitas.
What's gravitas?
Never mind.
Typically, this pink polystyrene foam
is used for insulation on houses.
But it's the perfect material
to add some shape to our dinosaur
without adding a lot of weight.
They're gonna show all this on the show?
All this building?
No. They're gonna waste
millions of megabytes
on footage they're not gonna use.
Then just do a big montage?
To what type of music they'll use?
- They'll use some fake-ass AC/
- DC.
Now that we got
all the foam glued together,
we're gonna start sculpting it
with the hot wire.
That gets hot quick.
That'll make it look more like
a real three-dimensional dinosaur,
and less like a bunch of foam pieces
glued to a plywood frame.
I think it looks good! The gesture,
the shape, the volume is starting to show.
-Yeah.
-Now, I kind of care.
I knew you'd love it.
I'm gonna work on rounding this out,
you can sweep up yourself.
Thank you.
Now that the foam is hardened,
it's time for Graz and Jackman
to open up that box and see what we got.
Does that look good?
That's pretty good.
So the conveyor belt that goes back here,
that's where the tacos'll pop up
inside the dinosaur.
-Like that. Yeah.
-Perfect.
All right.
I think the next thing we do
is bring it to the band saw
and start cutting the jawline.
This is probably a two-man job
'cause it's so big,
but, um, after that, what do you wanna do?
Probably some handsaws
to get it kind of chunky-shaped,
and then power-carving
with an angle grinder?
That'll do all the detail stuff.
-Cool.
-Yeah.
-I got it.
Yep. Thanks.
Yep, thanks. I got it.
-This is marine flotation foam.
Strictly used in things like boats
and surfboard repair.
You drive, I'll guide.
Because of its fairly low density,
a band saw cuts
through the foam like butter.
And it's easy
to fine-tune with hand tools.
Because we poured
such a large mass of foam,
the heat buildup caused a few cracks.
Those are easy to fill and shape later,
so you won't know they were there.
Ta-da! I finished the teeth.
Dude, you killed it.
Jackman, Graz.
Yeah, and Pat.
And now, on to the eyes!
Now that we have the rough shape
we can prepare the head
for the teeth and eyes.
Dude, they look great.
-It looks so dumb.
-The goofiest-looking dinosaur.
I love it!
-Can you get that piece there?
-Yeah.
What you see us doing here
is putting brown craft paper
and just regular white glue,
just crafting glue. It creates a skin.
Papier-mâché, if you will.
If you have an extra 14 gallons
of white glue laying around,
you could do this too.
It's gonna look like real skin.
All right. This is starting
to look like a real dinosaur.
You good working for a few minutes alone?
-Why? Where you going?
-I'm gonna work on the conveyor belt.
And I'm stuck doing this?
Oh, okay.
What you see here
is the taco delivery system.
It's gonna be the conveyor belt
inside of the dinosaur.
Jimmy?
And this is a little model
of our dinosaur.
The conveyor belt's
gonna be right inside the body
and come up through the mouth.
Jimmy?
Each one of these disks
pile together
to make the roller end
of the conveyor belt,
and the conveyor belt's
gonna roll on each end like that.
-Since--
-Jimmy?
What do you need?
I have a feeling you're not coming back
to help me finish this.
Soon as I'm done with this, my dear,
I will come.
Okay, conveyor belt.
We have a nice, smooth action.
It works really well.
So that's gonna be the clicker mechanism.
So when we crank this,
it has a one-way positive motion.
You won't be able to go backwards
to un-deliver the taco.
Attention, Jimmy.
Children calling.
-Attention, Jimmy. Children calling.
-Jimmy!
-Jimmy?
-I think you're wanted.
-So what's going on?
-We have a couple of questions.
All right. We got a lotta work.
Let's hear it.
-Are you guys done building the dinosaur?
-No.
Will someone be able to go inside of it?
No, next!
Will he be a mean dinosaur?
No!
-What color is he?
What?
What color is he?
What color did you want?
-Black!
-Black! Black!
It's not that color.
What's next? What's the next question?
How far can it spit the tacos?
Far enough.
Yay!
Get to the point! Get to the point!
Well, there's something
we forgot to tell you.
After eating all of those tacos,
he's gonna need a toilet, because--
Because poo-poo.
Bonus request!
That sucks.
Toilet poo-poo?
What are you talking about here?
We are way too far along
to make adjustments.
He needs a toilet.
-All right.
-Yay!
What if we put
the toilet between his feet?
And whoever is gonna be catching
the taco sits on the toilet?
-Okay.
All right, Dino Taco Toilet.
-We'll figure it out.
-Yay!
-We're good?
-Yeah!
Toilet! Toilet! Toilet!
-Pull the plug.
Bye, guys.
So the kid wants a toilet.
Underneath is not possible.
We could potentially
put a toilet right here.
Taco's gonna fall.
Anybody sitting on the toilet will
catch it. It'll be like a makeshift seat.
-So if we put it there…
-Yeah?
…which way
should the toilet be facing?
Facing in like that?
Yeah, but if you face it that way,
you're gonna be staring
right at the dinosaur's--
Jimmy, why don't we just make
the toilet instead of buying one?
This is a show about making stuff.
Have it face that way. Like he said,
catch it over your shoulder.
We can do like an outhouse toilet…
out of wooden planks.
Yeah, maybe I can make a pot de chambre.
Like a chamber pot.
A chamber pot. Like a pot that goes
underneath. Like an outhouse toilet.
-You're okay building the toilet seat?
-Yeah.
-You build the chamber pot.
-Yup.
You continue ruining the head, you two.
Let's get back to work.
So I'm about to turn that log
into a chamber pot.
What is a chamber pot, you ask?
Well, it's just a bowl
that collects…
I'm going to turn
the chamber pot on the lathe,
but first, I have to cut this wood down
to a more manageable size.
Let's do this.
Woo-hoo!
Agh!
Okay, that's better.
But this piece
is still too big for the lathe,
so I need to round it up a bit
before I start turning it.
Let's go to the band saw now.
And now, off to the lathe.
Let's have some fun.
Woo-hoo!
This kind of wood
is called white ash.
White ash.
It is still green on the inside,
which just means
it's still got some moisture in it.
And that's a good thing
because it makes it a little softer
and easier to shape into a bowl.
I really like turning green wood
because the sap from the tree
lubricates the tool,
and then it cuts like butter.
This pooping bowl is almost complete.
It just needs a friend
to make him a seat.
So I'm gonna make a toilet
for the dinosaur.
Gonna make a little pooper for it.
Not gonna really be
a regular type of toilet,
more of an outhouse type of toilet.
What I'm gonna do
is screw these boards down
to have a little seat.
Gonna cut a hole in the top here,
so you can sit on it,
you know, to do your business.
I never used a pooper like this before,
but it should work.
-That'll work.
This is gonna be the base for it.
A clean bowl is a happy bowl.
Whoo.
-All right, see how it looks?
-Think it's ready.
All right.
-You gonna drop it? Ready?
-It's so heavy.
-Drop it.
-Yeah.
Here.
-You got it?
-Grab the nose.
-I got it.
-I'll climb up.
I'll catch it if it falls.
-Oh boy.
-Oh God. Is it really that heavy?
-I thought you're holding it back.
You guys get it?
Ah, there you go.
Oh my God, it looks amazing.
-It looks really good!
-The teeth makes it all.
It really does.
Seriously the teeth look amazing, Pat.
Derek, let's give this a throw-in.
Let's see what happens.
So we have a dinosaur,
but these little brats asked
for a taco-spitting dinosaur,
so we need to get
the conveyor belt installed.
Paul, can you reach in and grab it?
'Cause I can't go up any higher.
Kind of.
We're not gonna be able
to go up and over this.
And that's too high right there.
Yeah, that's too high.
We left the space
for the conveyor belt,
but it's not big enough.
So we'll have to make some adjustments.
What do you think?
-You know best.
-All right.
-You're the smartest man in the room.
-Ah! Jesus!
-Well, I'll take that back.
-There's a tool for every job.
And sometimes that tool is a chainsaw.
Tell my kids I love… like them a lot.
What is he cutting out?
The whole structure
that was holding it together.
All right, we can always remove one.
Don't go crazy.
Perfect fit. Moving on.
The only thing
is to get the mouth to open and close.
So what should happen
is this counterweight will close the jaw.
Then the weight of the tacos will open it,
but I don't think the weight
is gonna be enough to open this.
We're gonna need something more.
Maybe if we make really big, heavy tacos--
-Yeah, like a brick taco?
-Yeah.
The plan was to balance the jaw
with a counterweight
so the weight of the tacos pop it open,
but we failed to account for one fact.
Tacos don't weigh that much.
-Will the boys solve the problem?
Oh, problems, problems.
We got a problem! Problem!
So instead of relying
on gravity and taco mass,
we're gonna have to find a way
to use the rotating motion
of the conveyor belt
to open and close the jaw.
I wanna explain what's happening. This is
the axle at the top of the conveyor.
So if we put a cam on the end,
screw a block right there,
and when that rotates
as the conveyor belts going… Ta-dunk.
-Ta-dunk.
-That's the noise it makes.
So every rotation
of the crank down at the bottom…
-Yep.
…you'll get a jaw opening at the top.
And then to return the jaw back up,
we'll put some rubber bands here
that go like that and pull the jaw--
-Closed.
-Yup. Let's give this a shot.
I also reduced the friction
in the jaw pivot,
so the jaw now has no friction in it.
I'm gonna push the conveyor up by hand.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Is it working?
-It's working. That's perfect!
-It is.
-Is it?
-Look at that!
Test taco, go.
-Bam! It's perfect.
-Did he get it?
Problem solved.
Problem solved!
We gotta paint. We gotta put the tabs
on the conveyor belt to hold the tacos.
Let's keep things moving along, let's go!
We're almost there, but a build like this
has a lot of details to finish up,
so it's time for everybody to pitch in.
I put Pat in charge
of some dinosaur toenails.
That's good.
That's right on the right spot.
I'll take those toenails
over mine any day.
Yeah, but how we gonna
physically attach them?
Cut it flat and glue it in place.
That's not a plan. They're gonna fall off.
When he goes to the store and goes
and gets his own coffee, they'll fall off.
But that's never gonna happen,
so they won't fall off.
Perfect. Thanks.
Go back to where you were.
Thank you!
As for me, I'm sculpting
some tiny T. rex arms on the band saw.
Derek.
Pssh!
Raise the roof!
Whoop-whoop!
Jackman, Graz, and Derek
are gluing on little round pegs
that'll hold the tacos in place.
-Do it. You won't.
I'm making sure
that none of these taco pegs get stuck.
-Oh, there it goes! Oh, there it goes!
-Yay!
Here we go! Here we go!
So excited.
And I'm installing the hand crank
that will power the conveyor belt.
Everything is finally coming together.
After all this work, I have to admit it,
I'm pretty excited to actually see
this taco-spitting T. rex in action.
-It works!
-Dude, it works!
It's done.
Asher and Farah better appreciate this.
-Lighten up.
-Look at this, it's beautiful!
It should be in a frickin' museum.
The pinnacle of your career.
-Anybody else get burnt today?
-Yeah, what is going on with you guys?
Pat, that's like
a Canadian sunburn right there?
Yeah, like red and white, and maple leaf.
You might want to invest
in sleeves next time.
You guys ready to do this?
-Yeah.
You ready?
All right, let's talk to the kiddos.
Let's go!
Hey, Asher. Farah.
This is it, the big day, we're here.
Remind me what you wanted.
I wanted a dinosaur that shoots tacos
out of its mouth, and it has a toilet.
-What did they say?
-Dinosaur Taco Toilet!
I'm not gonna lie, it wasn't easy.
Took us all week to figure it out,
and I think you're gonna be very happy
with the results. Are you ready?
Yeah!
And here it is.
-Yeah.
So this doesn't impress you?
-No.
-You ungrateful little brats.
It better be something else.
-So you don't like this?
-No!
-Do you wanna see the real thing?
-Yeah!
-Are you ready?
-Yes!
All right, hit it.
Yeah!
-Dinosaur!
-Dino!
-Taco!
-Toilet!
Tac-cocos!
-The taco dispenser's right up in here.
We got the beautifully crafted teeth,
made by our friend here, Canadian Pat.
The beautifully sculpted head,
sculpted by Jackman and Graz.
And the tacos are delivered
right onto the toilet,
handcrafted by Derek from Malden.
Toilet!
-What do you think?
-This is amazing!
I want it!
I bet you guys wanna see
somebody sit on that toilet
and get a taco dropped
in their mouth. Yes?
-Yeah!
-Yeah, yes!
Wait, can you take a turd in it right now?
In due time, we'll make a crap
in the toilet just for you, my man.
Who do you wanna see on the toilet?
-Dinosaur!
-Jimmy!
No, no, no, I'm the host of the show.
I don't go on no toilets.
Okay, Derek, get on the toilet.
Me?
-You guys are ready for this now?
Crank the lever.
What are we waiting for?
Let's get this thing fired up!
Are you not entertained?
Guys, you asked for something special,
not just regular tacos.
-Do you remember what you asked for?
-Candy tacos.
Candy tacos?
-Uh-huh.
-Yeah!
Do you see what that is?
Candy tacos.
Do you know how hard it is
to find candy tacos?
No.
Guys?
Yeah!
-Yay!
-Yeah!
Good job! Good, good boy!
Guys,
I think they're happy with it.
-I think we've done our job.
-Mmm.
You just had five grown men
build a dinosaur that vomits tacos
into a toilet. Are you happy?
Yeah!
-Did I build what you wanted?
-Yeah!
You did awesome!
What are you still doing here?
Get off my farm!
Okay, bye-bye.
How many more of these
do we gotta build?
I don't know, but I've never had
so much cheese in my pants.
-What are we gonna do with this?
-Actually, I did one other time.
But I rather not talk about it.
Did you know Taco Tuesdays
are on Thursdays around here?
How weird is th--
Pat, what are you guys doing?
Oh.
No, we're just…
What are you guys doing? Get out of here!